LDAP Profile Picture Sync attribute (#3651)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EmailAttribute": ""`` with string input.                                                                                |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Profile Picture Attribute
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The attribute in the AD/LDAP server used to synchronize (and lock) the profile picture used in Mattermost.

> The Mattermost server will replace the user’s profile image upon login (not at the sync interval as with other attributes). The sync will not occur if the current profile image matches the image associated with that user in AD/LDAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mattermost server will replace the user’s profile image upon login (not at the sync interval as with other attributes). The sync will not occur if the current Mattermost profile image matches the image associated with that user in AD/LDAP.
```

> The mattermost server will replace the user’s profile image upon login. Note, this only occurs when the user either does not have a profile image in mattermost, or the current profile image does not match the image associated with that user in AD/LDAP.

Reviewer 2: Should mattermost be capitalized? 2 places. The statement after "Note:" seems confusing. "This ONLY occurs...", when else would it occur?
Should there be something about occurs at login, not with normal sync.

> The mattermost server will replace the user’s profile image upon login. Note, this only occurs when the user either does not have a profile image in mattermost, or the current profile image does not match the image associated with that user in AD/LDAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mattermost server will replace the user’s profile image upon login. This only occurs when the user either does not have a profile image in Mattermost, or the current profile image does not match the image associated with that user in AD/LDAP.
```

> The mattermost server will replace the user’s profile image upon login. Note, this only occurs when the user either does not have a profile image in mattermost, or the current profile image does not match the image associated with that user in AD/LDAP.

Author: ```suggestion
The Mattermost server will replace the user’s profile image upon login (not at the sync interval as with other attributes). The sync will not occur if the current profile image matches the image associated with that user in AD/LDAP.
```
